Adding workflow execTimeout and keepActive properties (#223)
serverlessworkflow/specification: specification.md

using and referencing retry definitions see the [Workflow Error Handling](#Workflow-Error-Handling) section.

#### ExecWindow Definition

| Parameter | Description | Type | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| time | Amount of time (ISO 8601 format) in the execution window | string | yes |
| interrupt | If `false`, workflow instance is allowed to finish current execution. If `true`, current workflow execution is abrupted. Default is `false`  | boolean | no |
| workflowId | Unique Id of a workflow to be executed before workflow instance is terminated | string | no |

<details><summary><strong>Click to view example definition</strong></summary>
<p>

<table>
<tr>
    <th>JSON</th>
    <th>YAML</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

```json
{  
   "time": "PT2M",
   "workflowId": "createandsendreport"
}
```

</td>
<td valign="top">

```yaml
time: PT2M
workflowId: createandsendreport
```

</td>
</tr>
</table>

</details>

The `time` property defines the total amount of time in the execution window. Once a workflow instance is created,
and the amount of the defined time is reached, the workflow instance needs to be terminated.

> The `interrupt` property defines if the currently running instance should be allowed to finish its current 

Author: for error handling/compensation: yes, that is considered also workflow logic imo so should be interrupted if true
for interrupt being false the control flow logic should be allowed to be completed fully

execution flow before it needs to be terminated. If set to `true`, the current instance execution must stop immediately.

> The `workflowId` property defines an unique id of a sub-workflow which should be executed before the workflow instance

Author: yes, the workflow logic defined in subworkflow defines what should be done after exectimeout is reached

is terminated.

> `ExecWindow` allows us to solve interesting use cases, especially within the IoT (Internet of Things) domain.

Author: @jorgenj i am working on additional use case involving batch processing where this can be used to cancel a "job" after a certain amount of time. hope this will cover the concern as well

> `ExecWindow` allows us to solve interesting use cases, especially within the IoT (Internet of Things) domain.

Author: added two new examples, added a very similar one as you requested but instead of dealing with patient registration multi-step process its an order confirmation multi-step process. hope this is ok

The `workflowId` property defines an unique id of a sub-workflow which should be executed before the workflow instance
is terminated.

`ExecWindow` allows us to solve interesting use cases, especially within the IoT (Internet of Things) domain.
Let's say that we have a sensor that reads temperature values in our living room every 2 minutes. 
Our workflow acts upon these events, the first one starting a workflow instance, and every consecutive one 
being correlated to the same instance (given the correlation id being the room name, namely "livingroom" for example).
After every hour of collecting and processing this data, we want to build a report for all the so far collected temperatures. 

For this example we could define our events in the workflow as:

```json
{  
  ...
  "events": [
   {  
     "name": "TemperatureEvent",
     "type": "roomtemp",
     "source": "tempsensor",
     "correlation": [
      { 
        "contextAttributeName": "roomid"
      } 
     ]
   }
  ],
  ...
}
```

Without `execWindow` it would be pretty hard to solve this business problem with control-flow logic alone.

> With it however it becomes pretty easy. Let's look at our sample workflow definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With it, however, it becomes pretty easy. Let's look at our sample workflow definition:
```

```json
{  
  ...
  "name": "Living Room Temperature Collection Workflow",
  "execWindow": {
     "time": "PT1H",
     "workflowId": "sendLivingRoomTempReport"
  },
  "states": [
    ... control-flow logic for collecting and processing room temp event data...
  ],
  "events": [
    ...
  ],
  "functions": [
    ...
  ]
}
```

> Here we define the `execWindow` `time` property to "PT1H" meaning that after 1 hour of our workflow instance 
> collecting living room temperature data, we want to stop collecting data, and build our report by invoking the 
> "sendlivingroomtempreport" sub-workflow, before terminating the workflow instance. After the defined 
> amount of time, the very next living room temperature event will create a new instance of our workflow
> which will then again start collecting these events for 1 hour, build the report and terminate its execution, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we define the `execWindow` `time` property to "PT1H". This means that after 1 hour of the workflow instance collecting living room temperature data, we want to stop collecting it. Then we build the report by invoking the 
"sendlivingroomtempreport" sub-workflow before terminating the workflow instance. 

After the defined amount of time, the very next living room temperature event will create a new instance of the workflow
which will then again start collecting these events for 1 hour, build the report and terminate its execution, and so on.
```
I've found this paragraph too long and hard to understand the first time I read it. Not sure if I got it right, but I tried to keep the sentences smaller. wdyt?
